My wife accused me of being a transvestite.
So I packed her things and left.

I told my wife she drew her eyebrows too high.
She seemed surprised.

Wife: “I’m sick of you pretending you’re a detective!, I think we should split up”.
Me: “Good idea. We can cover more ground that way”

My wife’s a terrible cook, she can never get her sauces right!
I’ve stuck with her though, through thick and thin.

My wife said she will leave me.
She said I was too passive, and didn’t stand up for myself enough.
I can’t really argue with that.

My wife broke up with me recently because I’m a compulsive gambler.
All I can think about is how to win her back.

My wife just texted me to say she’s made a Voodoo doll of me.
I think she’s pulling my leg.

My wife asked me, “Did you eat my chocolate in the cupboard last night?”
“No, don’t be silly” I replied, “I ate it on the sofa.”

My wife said she’s leaving me because I’m over-competitive.”
Not if I leave you first!” I shouted as I raced her to the front door.

My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don’t get off the computer.
I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf

I asked my wife “So, do you think the cup is half full or half empty?”
And you know what she said?
“Please for the love of god could you stop wearing my bras!”

My wife asked me if I could have a threesome, which of her friends I would choose.
Apparently, I was only supposed to name one, not two.

I married my wife for her looks …
Just not the ones she’s been giving me lately

My wife asked if she could have a little peace and quiet while she cooked dinner…
So I took the battery out of the smoke detector!

My wife told me she thought we’d have less arguments if I wasn’t so pedantic.
I told her “I think you mean fewer”

My wife just told me to grow up.
I was speechless!!
To be fair though, it’s pretty hard to say anything with 37 gummy bears in your mouth

I had a vasectomy so my wife didn’t get pregnant any more.
All it did though was change the colour of the baby….

The first time I had sex it was in my parent’s bedroom.
My wife said, “This is a bit awkward.”
I said, “Just ignore them.”

My wife said if I didn’t do page 7 of the Kama sutra she would leave me.
It put me in a very difficult position

My wife is kicking me out because she’s fed up with my South American animal puns…
‘OK,’ I said, ‘Alpaca my bags.’

Sometimes I hide my wife’s inhaler…
The neighbours think I’m a stud when they hear her panting heavily “Give it to me!”

My wife told me she wanted a spa day for her birthday…
I’ll tell her it’s pronounced ‘spade’ when I give it to her later…

My wife told me that she used to be Christian.
“That’s not a problem,” I told her.
“Thanks, I’m much happier being a Christine now,” she replied.

At first, my wife didn’t want to get a brain transplant.
Then I changed her mind.

I was really struggling to get my wife’s attention….
So, I sat down on the sofa and looked comfortable.
That did the trick.

My wife is threatening to leave me because of my constant puns about Africa.
Kenya believe that?
Ghana miss her if she goes…

My wife said she would leave me because of my obsession with algebra.
Now she is my X.

My wife just accused me of looking like someone who doesn’t know how to shave properly…
Bloody cheek!

I met my wife on Tinder.
That was awkward.

All my friends keep saying that my new wife is imaginary…
Joke’s on them, so are they!

My wife is leaving me because of the way I treat her friends.
“You’re not even a qualified Gynaecologist,” she said.

My wife hates it when I sneak up on her.
Also the police say I should stop referring to her as my wife.

I’ve just found out my wife is really a ghost.
To be honest, I had my suspicions from the moment she walked through the door…

My ex-wife is standing at the opposite end of the museum from me!
I want to say hello but there’s just too much history between us.

My wife and I had a big argument last night.
She called me gullible and financially irresponsible!
Wait until she hears I’ve won the Nigerian lottery…

I told my wife: There’s only one thing that scares me during Halloween…
My wife: “Which is?”
Me: “Exactly“

Throughout our marriage, my wife has always stood by my side.
She had to.
We’ve only got one chair.



